c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\GmailParserConsoleClient.exe.config
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\GmailParserConsoleClient.exe
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\GmailParserConsoleClient.pdb
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\obj\Debug\GmailParserConsoleClient.exe
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\obj\Debug\GmailParserConsoleClient.pdb
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.GData.Client.dll
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.dll
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.pdb
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.xml
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\bhristov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
C:\Users\bhristov\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\obj\Debug\GmailParserConsoleClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\GmailParserConsoleClient.exe.config
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\GmailParserConsoleClient.exe
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\GmailParserConsoleClient.pdb
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.dll
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.GData.Client.dll
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.pdb
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.xml
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\obj\Debug\GmailParserConsoleClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\obj\Debug\GmailParserConsoleClient.exe
C:\Users\bhristov\GoogleAPIs\GmailParser\GmailParserConsoleClient\obj\Debug\GmailParserConsoleClient.pdb
